everybody welcome back to northernlion
plays The Binding of Isaac Ashford plus
we did the speed challenge on the last
episode it made me want to die and then
fulfilled my wish we're gonna do blue
bomber instead which is bomb synergies
plus bomber boy no no bomber boy it's
blue baby and a bunch of bomb synergies
oh and we can't shoot but we're not hurt
by our own bombs because of pyromaniac
that's right okay well this one only
well actually goes quite far it goes we
don't need that it goes all the way to
[Music]
Sheol was going to say the Cathedral
that would have been incorrect I'm not
sure if our damage stat matters like
actually at all here we probably are
like very set for life on this one I
guess the idea is they give you brother
Bobby because some enemies will be like
away from you they'll be like behind a
gap or something like that so it does
make sense to give you some range means
to hit enemies but for now this is a lot
of damage I imagine we will hate
ourselves on rooms where we have to hit
something that's far away but we could
also just maybe bomb our way out of most
of those rooms to begin with so now this
is what I'm talking about maybe a little
bit easy in the whole scheme of things
but the speed challenge is like a cosmic
torture from another realm so this one
being a little bit fun I don't think
it's a sin my wife feels like when you
say that you got to put like baby on the
end of it I don't feel like it's a sin
baby trying to trick the game into I
don't even want to know where the
connotations of that one we're going do
this
we got 39 cents we're gonna have 44
cents in Amir's in our head we did have
44 cents but what's in your head in your
head zombie blue bomber blew babe eh eh
eh I'm not going to continue I thought
about it but seems like a poor idea I
don't even think we can use
the potato peeler but I'll buy it to see
if we can we cannot we'd have to respawn
as somebody else to get value out of
that little stinky but I'll survive I
think our next play and honestly like
this should be a pretty easy win
considering the circumstances by the way
we will learn to probably hate the fact
that we can't shoot like in the early
game it seems awesome you're like oh why
would I ever need to shoot I got bombs
not the truth is usually you'll reach a
point on the game at which your shots
would do more damage than your bombs
probably are not quite there yet given
the items that we've gotten but by the
time we get up to the Cathedral we might
be feeling a little bit differently
magic mush potentially lovely
I appreciate the other stats at least
and you know what I appreciate getting
the familiar here as well what we are
probably going to do is use our permit
cards to avoid boss rush get an item I'm
going to use it right now actually to
save us some HP and hope we get another
teleport card later but if we could if
we could find a way out of boss rush I
would also be for that
I don't think becoming guppy matters at
all so I'm going to go with black powder
which just gives us one other like
alternative means with which to deal
damage and if it works lovely if we
never use it less lovely but not
necessarily a bad thing I didn't realize
you were on my side to be honestly we
might be done with this for in like two
minutes I'm fine with seven seals little
harbingers I think that well not the
greatest item in the game any other
means of doing damage to an enemy is
probably something we're interested in
right now that doesn't really help and
we'll move on
three minutes in were three floors deep
probably slowed it down a little bit
we're going a little too fast
I'm a little bit if I'm being honest
with you I'm a little bummed out because
the truth of the matter is the run that
we have right now mind you we would
never have this this early on it on a
different challenge but this run right
here is so well suited to being a decent
crack at winning the speed challenge
that I'm you'll forgive me I think after
the last episode for being a little
upset but of course unlimited bombs that
don't hurt us is a huge advantage in any
situation but like for even even the
bomb items accepted from our present
situation this is like a good setup that
we would certainly like have at least an
okay chance of succeeding on so I'm only
mildly bummed but I would be lying if I
said I weren't at least mildly bombs
bombs our key is you might think I'm
happy with it but I actually would
prefer to have more bombs and the main
reason there is I think with mr. Megas
we might want other bombs like I'm not
sure if we get the value out of out of
mr. mega with our kamikaze bombs we
probably do now that I think about it a
little bit more closely but we might not
what okay I'm dumb I thought I could
pseudo heard myself and then walk across
but of course if we don't take damage
we're not actually being hurt it's not
quite an IV bag situation so that was a
bit of a whiff but we made up for it
here on sous - a hearts - of Hearts is
sadly meaningless on Susan's worth quite
a lot ahead of Krampus I thought about
taking but it eliminates like our best
way of dealing damage so I will probably
instead just not do this similarly we
can't cheat the system by using bombs
like IV bag to try to get into the curse
room without taking damage that's only
going to lead to despair
and not just pay it's not a joke about
these nuts is what I'm trying to convey
here two keys to room I think we should
reroll both we're looking for spirit
hearts like almost exclusively we don't
need keys we don't need money
we need spirit hearts for survival
purposes oh you moron
this is fine this is fine just keep
yourself you know blow up the the
extraneous kind of elements here another
teleport card is very nice just have a
little bit more patience with this one
and then don't be afraid to buy spirit
hearts from shops we can still go to a
curse room and save ourselves from some
strife but I don't think that's the
right play right now we're going to save
the Hermit card so I don't feel bad
about using the world card several
batteries like a lot of batteries if
only we'd gotten a library instead of a
two-room would have been a positive
change but the thing about having
unlimited bombs that we really should be
able to create spirit hearts all the
time not all the time but like if we
ever come across a tempted rock we can
blow it up we can blow up every skull we
could blow up mushrooms but we probably
shouldn't because they have poisoned us
in the past here ace of clubs empress
neither really too valuable
with a luck status zero I don't have
high hopes here but those hopes have
already been exceeded if I'm being
honest with you
stars card is a strictly worse version
of the Hermit on this run and honestly I
respect that you gave me what I wanted
and then we we got out by another spirit
heart and we will buy mom's tea and
honestly buddy in a box is pretty okay
but I'm not going to not going to worry
too much about I'm not going to lose any
sleep over not picking up buddy in a box
on this one we tried to make buddy in a
box work on the Speed Challenge it
almost what is this room oh my lord I
think this is new it's a tough spike
room at least on first glance
we almost made it happen I thought the
the buddy in a box speed combo so we've
got creepy bombs now might as well throw
those down and we've got enough speed
especially with the tractor beam here to
have a chance to at least make the
occasional black powder work and the
harbingers are actually crushing it
right now shouldn't I walk over the
creep that was fine we got a deal with
the devil we probably did not deserve
well I will do this I don't think any
stat increase could conceivably be worth
giving up that much of our relative
amount of HP but things are looking
strong let's be honest we're on
necropolis 2 8 minutes into a run unless
our HP gives out like words relatively
set here the rooms like this can be can
be a problem 1.2 speed not really enough
to just say like black powder is 10 out
of 10 here in a spirit are nonetheless
so what's the in my dream world what's
the payout here well we go to boss rush
boss rush gives us dark bum and then we
just teleport away you can start to see
a little bit of the unhappiness or
discontented miss creeping in here like
not every enemy is dying in one hit and
when we're talking about bombs that
makes me a very sad boy
give me some give me some teleports so
we can expedite the the discontented
miss give me some spirit hearts so I
guess we're gonna teleport into the shop
regardless anyway this room could be big
in pretty much any sense of the word if
we're not careful too hard it's just so
satisfying when you blow up a skull and
it doesn't turn into it or so you blow
up one of the skulls on the ground and
it doesn't turn into a turret it's like
the world's your oyster I'm still I'm
waiting for the other foot to drop other
shoe to drop
I don't know the expression I sort of
don't understand it what is like you
someone just went up for a sweet jump
ball and then you're waiting for their
other sneaker to hit the ground to know
you're safe now I'm waiting for the
challenge to screw me because I'm coming
fresh off the speed challenge we're not
going to open that yet we don't have the
money to buy much anyway but you know
it's like if your midterm was really
hard and then the final exam seems too
easy something just isn't quite right
like I find myself unsettled right now
waiting for the I'm waiting for my man
$26 in my hand
which in 1964 was actually like a lot
but anyway thank you seven doesn't
matter
grab this invincibility is important
normally you'd probably be a cricket's
head boy here Craig its body I mean this
isn't a normal situation but we're going
to go for it anyway because the rest of
the items suck we don't want the clicker
even though it could transform us into
not blue baby that's not worth that much
right now
we don't want mom's bra because it's
going to replace kamikaze backstab just
sucks especially if we can shoot we
might as well go over something that you
know lowers our tear cap even if it's
not going to be that useful for us to
lower our tear cap and then we're just
going to stack these up let's try this
that was well worth it grab this and get
the heck out of here sure I'll tell you
what maybe like because the case to be
made for kamikaze kamikaze car battery I
mean but I think we're good I think we
got we got very little to complain about
right now again our tiers upgrade
doesn't really affect things too much in
the positive direction for us but all
the other items were just kind of maybe
quite literally useless so now like dude
I've got to be honest with you I'm like
an old dog in these Isak episodes you
pretty much could not pay me enough to
do these rooms there's just no point
save your frustration for the speed
challenge put your sorries in a sack
we'll get through blue bomber easily
we'll we'll get challenge three up and
running over the course of this episode
and we got a lot less to worry about in
that regard like why would I waste my
time fighting all these enemies that you
know they have the audacity to try to
dodge a god like me instead as long as
we're paying attention we can finish
this off pretty quickly no tinted rocks
and you know the challenges are all
about using the advantages that have
been given to you this is an advantage
that's been given
roll with it
enjoy it because you may never see it
again I can't believe meanwhile of
course I was actually fighting that
enemy for no reason just work your way
over to the exit don't thank you
probably could have killed him in like
two hits but so be it and we've done it
got mom's heart I'm not going to fight
hush because that sounds like probably
we will die and I will hate myself for
needlessly creating that situation was
it pestilence creating the creeper is it
like when I use kamikaze it somehow
creates creep as well I don't think
that's the case I'm very glad I have the
harbingers right now doing a great job
of not forcing me to get right next to
the boss I feel that the devil is going
to be pretty special with a luck stat of
zero you can't convince me to roll gimpy
here instead all right it's not the
cathedral it's Sheol I even said Sheol
like ten times okay start by going up
against basic enemies we might as well
clear the room like these guys are
pretty easy there might be like the only
enemy in the game that's easier to kill
by getting right up in their face with
the bomb well that's just clearly false
but on the other hand what I was trying
to suggest was like oh okay don't don't
throw it don't throw it all I'm trying
to suggest is that sometimes you fight
those guys and they are real jerks
because they just move away from your
shots
there's a genuine chance we'll die here
but I'm we're going to try to avoid it
as you might expect and the easiest way
to avoid it is straight up if you think
you're going to get hit no that won't
know why I always think like I gotta
I've got the perfect play if I'm about
to take damage I'll just use kamikaze it
does not work like that our damage stat
is pretty great so the flies from like
from conquest here are excellent we're
about to win all right I mean that was
pretty easy it took us like 15 minutes
I'm glad we're done with it though
because it was starting to get to the
point where I was scared and golden
bombs are well worth the time investment
they're good okay hopefully one we can a
little bit more of a commentary focus
pay to play I think is a every door cost
you a penny and you get money equals
power so every room we actually get a
little weaker on this run which is the
opposite of how things normally go we
start with Oh sack of pennies as well
okay so we start with sack of pennies
and money equals power on suits on a
later floor strikes me as like
potentially a 10 out of 10 so we're just
going to make sure we're going in the
right direction I don't really want to
spend money on the shop I guess we
should check just for the idea that on
me two of diamonds two hours a two of
diamonds would have been like an 11 out
of 10 but we still got some decent work
done here going through secret rooms
doesn't cost us money and actually in
this case gave us quite a lot so no
complaints I do wonder what happened if
you just run out of money I guess you
just sit on a room forever we're looking
for piggy bank and we're really anything
that gives us money when we get hit
eliminates the central concern of this
run and then hopefully also helps us
into a situation in which week
and continue to keep as much money as
possible not just to open doors but so
that we can actually like keep money
equals power functioning because
starting 26.4 damages is a really
luxurious position to be in
it's like being born to like the
Vanderbilt family or something you know
you got to you got to work pretty hard
to get infected by that affluenza to the
point where it actually affects you
imagine boy seems totally fine here a
luck upgrade would be a little bit more
enduring but still a little bit of money
that at least pays for us to go to the
next floor still not the right time for
answers kind of hoping we do come across
a an arcade with the blood bank small
rock please that's still good still good
a small rock with the sorry a blood bank
would be a good opportunity for us to
get a speed upgrade a health upgrade and
keep our money functioning Converter is
not worth it is the spirit hard worth it
potentially but I don't really want to
spend if we don't have to go secret room
hopefully and no bombs but enough money
you're not going to explode right you
kind of look like you're going to
explode but I don't think you're going
to explode and there's no item rooms on
this one oh there is hopefully a blood
bank I'm spending a penny to get into an
arcade at the best the best of time so
no blood bank huh I shouldn't complain
about getting three cents from a room
but that room it could have been so much
more it could have been like clay Aikens
lead single coming hot off of his second
place finish on American Idol season two
coming hot off of clay Aikens finish as
congressman-elect for the second
district of South Carolina he is the
congressman now is he a congressman for
the second District of South Carolina
I do not know who would have thought you
know I'm going to go lose American Idol
to kick-start my political career what a
world were living in I mean this was a
little while ago I'm dating myself a
little bit I wish now you should be done
you guys can just keep walking into the
fire for all I care and give me a great
deal with the devil that gives me an
easy win and I'll pay you Tuesday for a
hamburger today I will come on come on
we got a deal with the devil we have to
pay to go to it I'm sorry I thought this
was America we got the mark though which
is exquisite damage is going up there
hopefully that will compensate for any
like damage downgrades you might get
from not getting money in the future
and we'll move along here so follow dude
it's actually been so long since we had
piercing shot now we're probably
interested in the future to use this on
Sue's room pretty quickly because what
if we get a better room for the future
the only thing I will say is that what's
the point of using the on soos room
right now these floors are still
relatively small this was the greatest
curse room I've ever seen in my adult
life what about that curse room that
gave you a three guppy items are gonna
ask no curse room whoo that was the 10
and a 10 right there we needed that and
we received it luck luck luck no luck
but 59 cents so I think this challenge
run is really oh we got the dream item
small rock or lucky Rock this run is
about two things one is divorcing
yourself from the chance of
running out of money so you can't open
rooms and then not being as beholden to
the amount of money that you do have I
don't think we're going to get it into
bombs but we're definitely going to get
it into moms the the other thing is just
making a run that's strong enough to
beat the you know the length of the run
without having to rely on the damage for
money equals power and we've got a
pretty good job of both right now I mean
our trinket means that every bomb we get
is going to give us I mean even this one
it cost us five cents sure but if we put
it in the right spot it should give us
more than five cents back we could even
go back to the room on which we got it
and probably it'll work out for us here
but I'm going to try to continue to move
forwards so all of this combined means
we're in a really really good spot right
now I would still love to trade away
more of our red hearts because I'm
sadistic but I also have you know high
hopes for our chances here see this is a
great spot to use our bomb put it here
we're going to get like seven tents we
got eight and then we got the chance
which gave us another one no bombs back
but again you know you're you're smart
people you can look at that trade and
realize that that turned out to be good
mind you I'm kind of asking you to pat
me on the back for buying a single bomb
at a shop when we have like the best
bomb related trinkets so don't don't
fall victim to my game here it's another
good one right here I'll use a key it's
not like we're using it for anything
else
that hurts but you also gave me three
cents back so I I lose for that one but
not buy as much as you would think you
can't fire me I quit
exactly I always wondered what that is
supposed to mean
like you can't fire me I quit it's
obvious I'm not having a revelation here
but either way you're going to lose your
job but if there's some kind of like I
would rather be fired is what I guess
what I'm trying to say not because I
don't want to be seen as a quitter but
if you're like hey I'm firing you
there's always the chance I could spin
that into some sort of lawsuit I live in
North America after all
naturally to me 5050 oh they still won't
let us in if I quit I feel like I'm
giving up the right to eventually have
you give me something to sue you for if
anything if they go you're fired what
you should do is like trip over a wet
floor sign and then like dip your hands
in a pot of boiling oil or something
like that on the way down and then
you'll be like you can't fire me or I'll
sue you for everything you've got that's
my secret defraud the justice system
look I didn't say it in such
black-and-white legal terms that's
that's that's you making that assumption
well this removes all the temptation to
use use the on sue serene on this floor
and the more the merrier the longer that
on Sue's ruined last probably the better
it is for me unless we get to the floor
we want to use it on and then it has
curse with a loss to begin with why are
we getting money when we get hit is that
just how this run works and I haven't
paid attention it's like
certainly
piggy bank does that but we don't have
piggy bank there's trinkets that do that
but we didn't swallow like swallow penny
that was pretty dumb didn't we now I
would remember I think something that
that important happening maybe it's just
like hard-coded into the run as a way to
get more money fairly easily grab this
grab this grab this should go to the
second secret room you never know this
is where we use our bombs you never know
what you're going to get there and
you'll never shine if you don't glow
very good no boss
I think we're probably at the point oh
well we're gonna leave this floor as
quickly as we can but we're probably at
the point where we're like I can
actually buy things from the shop and
they don't have to be things that just
give me more money so if you reach that
point on this run I think you're pretty
much good to go what's the challenge
where you actually like lose HP every
time you go through the door that's the
one that scares me more or Babylon I
think it's a big positive because I am
interested in giving up all my red
hearts if possible so I'm going to pop
on Zeus here I have a very simple reason
for doing so I think that I might be
able to find a chance to teleport out of
boss rush so let's use on suits on a
floor where we're not going to waste it
now this is not a necessary room paper
itself but no need
8.6 - damage is pretty good I think if
we could just get permanent or Babylon
state we can like we're absolved from
all of our damage related not even like
concerns but like mild anxieties and a
check and I think that that's actually
of worthy purchase but I am a little
disappointed no no no no no no oh we can
old - yes yes yes yes yes
I think the sun card is the worthy
purchase it's not what I was looking for
I was hoping to get a way to get out of
boss rush but maybe this is you know
it's got a plan for all of us
Edmunds got a plan for all of us trust
in the many-sided god that's right - v6
we can't get to that
so our but I thought we were one floor
deeper than we were even better that
means we get we use Don's who said
exactly the right time in spite of
having like terrible methodology for
which we are doing so little Gish is
like inconsequential but I'll take any
3% chance
3% any 33% chance at a deal with the
devil give me nine lives
guppies head Guppies tail that's the
dream combination we can take all three
without dying once we'll be on all
spirit hearts activate Whore of Babylon
and stop this challenge to make up for
the damage psychologically that was done
to me via the Speed Challenge okay no
deal with the devil that's good that
just means we're just gonna have twice
as good of a deal on this floor it's
science don't try to disprove it
science can never be disproven that's
the spirit of it actually and now I know
okay I'll have you know I possess an
undergraduate degree in biology it
qualifies me for many things including
working as a lab technician we're also
getting a master's in biology which
would qualify me to TA your freshman
biology 101 class or get a PhD in
biology which would okay I'm done
talking smack about academia I like
academia it's a fun word to say
so Horeb Avalon is finally active dude
IV bag is actually perfect it's a great
choice for us on this run get that
damage up there via money equals power
and what do we have right now 10.25
damage could use a rate of fire increase
and also some means to replenish our red
hearts on the regular would be good but
I've got the utmost faith in this run
right now hey I might even do boss rush
for the fun of it probably not but I
could see a world in which that wouldn't
be a too outrageous so we are in a
slightly weird spot in that I always
want to keep Whore of Babylon active but
I don't want to be so overly aggressive
with I yeah like for example that was
dumb I don't want to be so overly
aggressive with IV bag that I put myself
in a bad spot for survivals sake which
is actually pretty much where we exist
right now so I think we're just going to
take this opportunity to hopefully stat
up a little bit get some HP back Steven
is a great damage upgrade only 0.68 here
for some reason maybe because it's a
multiplayer why call it that a
multiplier and
money equals power is also a multiplier
why do you say it like that a multiplier
when you hearts do thank you when you
use it it's a for every every penny you
get multiplies a number by one point
zero for something way no no no you've
got this completely backwards look just
don't try to work your brain too hard
right now apparently it's broken we're
going to lose her Babylon but it's not
that much damage in fact it was a little
silly of me to suggest that that was
even relevant to be honest with you
because we still have after getting
Steven at least you still have 10 point
whatever damage basically we have Whore
of Babylon stats prior to getting Steven
but we have the benefit of having some
extra HP along with it so we should not
find ourselves in too difficult of a
spot right now does that mean we won't
spot sadly no but this run is quite good
all we need really at this point is is
patience and and to play pretty well or
at least like at average level but
something that would really really help
me out would be a single tears upgrade I
mean would it kill you you've done grave
stuff for us in a damaged apartment and
I'll never take that away from you but I
would love to be able to put out the
amount of damage that we're putting out
but at a faster pace I mean I recognize
you you can't always get what you want
and you know beggars can't be choosers
and you know what have you done for me
lately and other such pithy expressions
yet at the same time I would very much
enjoy having the ability to shoot faster
than we did six floors ago you know it's
like I've gotten four promotions but I'm
still driving in 1998 Toyota Celica sure
it's a reliable automobile but at least
let me upgrade to the Corolla they don't
even make the Celica anymore
the other thing is by using IV bag we
are getting luck upgrades so I'm very
much for that should we activate Whore
of Babylon permanently I'm going to say
yes what's the reason for that I'm
stupid sometimes is the reason for that
none of this is really worth it without
an ability to get out so we're going to
bounce I think we should still be fine
I'm getting weird deja vu for some
reason like this run feels very similar
to a run that I had in after birth plus
you're gonna think that I'm mistreating
this cat he's just a me our okay he
loves to meow
stay cool here I can't let him into the
room because let me here's the cycle of
letting this cat into your room he comes
in and he's all cute and he's like I'm
just gonna sleep here and then he gets
like rattled by something and then he
goes and tries to jump behind the
computer no matter how many times that
try to classically condition this cat
not to jump behind the computer it's
like a perfect Ruka size and the perfect
Ruka temperature so he's like you don't
understand why are you trying to keep me
from my home this is where I want to
live and I say you can't live there's
electricity there there's ventilation
you know you're causing problems this is
my office he goes you don't understand
this is my this is my house I live here
it's not your house it's not even my
house we pay rent here it's an
investment property but someone I've
never met okay we don't I don't care
about that part right there there is a
spirit heart in here somewhere it is
locked betwixt a cluster of rocks
we have no bombs no bombs
judgment judgment day that was garbage
day but for some reason I made it about
Terminator 2 and that's okay we're
getting money back a judgement card is a
great thing if we're not at all worried
about our money situation which i think
is a fair description but it would also
give us HP in all likelihood and we
don't really want HP right now because
it would ruin for a babylon and also
whole i hate you also permanent polaroid
invincibility so if i get hit by the
spikes again we're going to be in a
tough spot because i think we'll be at
half of a heart at that point but it's i
actually i love the design of Mama
Gertie I think the attacks are kind of
nonsense because if you can't if you can
fly the spikes are meaningless if you
can't fly it's nearly impossible to
dodge them is thanks for the damage
upgrade I greatly appreciate it head
down to the next floor where we have a
little bit more awareness of what our HP
looks like hopefully there we are one
and a half I think we go for it maybe
maybe the HP is important enough to
justify it we're playing it very close
to both both of these challenges so far
credit card very good on a floor in
which we have a seventy two point five
percent chance of a deal with the devil
and we will either have that 72% chance
or we'll die so I think we're we're
going to hope that we have that 72%
chance and I will take that Rouen whore
Babylon and permanent polar
invincibility for a chance to have a
little bit more survival here this cat
is like throwing himself against the
door I can't let you in right now
because you go behind the computer I
understand you like there's a got a
brain the size of like an acorn and I
don't say that to be dismissive you know
you don't possess the the capabilities
of concrete reasoning to the same extent
as human beings and being said if you
stop going by in the computer I can let
you into the office I help I'll even let
you into the office after this episode
even though I probably shouldn't and
I'll go Ruka don't get behind the
computer going to get behind the
computer I know you you're my son you
got to demonstrate your ability to not
get behind the computer and then I'll
you know Bob's your uncle
okay use a bomb here nokton use a bomb
here something not greed well we could
use the money yeah well you got another
tricky mom's heart fight here this time
we're going to the cathedral afterwards
let's just hope that there is an
afterwards almost like in terms of the
conditions for the fight almost a carbon
copy like we get we have the ability to
get hit once and once alone we do have a
ranged attack this time which gives us
like a pretty huge advantage compared to
where we were last time great shots by
the way like mom's heart did some of my
work for me there but I'm still pretty
pleased with the way that went down
little Gish is doing work as well I
haven't really given little Gish the
credit of deserves so far how we didn't
get hit there trust me
I'm with you I thought we were dusted so
I think we probably have like about a
60% chance to win I think we probably
have about a 40% chance to win
regardless
if we get a good deal with the devil
let's crank that up this is not a good
deal with the devil right now but well
it's not bad it's not what we're looking
for so we'll do this we're definitely
not going to fight hush I'll tell you
that much
we definitely should have and oh it's
gone I was going to say we definitely
should have shot the fires to make spear
at odds but we didn't so this is really
now a race against time not really worth
it probably not not a game saver I
almost in my head I almost wanted to
give up there I was like oh this room's
too tough
these enemies they fire too quickly I'm
glad we didn't I filled myself some
mental fortitude that guy could have hit
me easily we can beat this floor without
taking damage I would prefer to get a
spirit heart but we can beat this floor
without taking damage this is our moment
that's it that's probably the wind right
there now I'm not going to say that we
deserve a lot of credit for it because
we did kind of put ourselves in this
position in the first place but still
that was a huge moment for us to pull it
all together there we still only have
one end well we have two hits now that
we can say well no we can literally take
one hit and live so we got a long way to
go in terms of like feeling safe but so
we're looking for secret rooms that gave
us curse room access we're looking for
low-percentage spirit arts and we got
one which is quite generous honestly and
then apart from this we're just staying
as far away from any enemies as we can
and letting flies and also our fairly
excellent damage carry us here and we're
hoping to avoid as many BS attacks as is
possible
whenever applicable which is not always
the easiest thing in the world I think
we're going to pull it together again
not really a tough challenge but we made
it tough by way of our way of our
actions we lost one we can still get hit
once without dying these guys are a
little tricky well you made me look like
a fool they're ok we can't get hit at
all but at least we lived long enough to
get to this point this would be a nice
heart I don't know if that protects us
so phase 1 is what it is phase 2 is the
one where you want to watch out if we
can get to phase 3 I like our odds
remember there's like a little bit of
curve on these and the slow is almost
like it's a double-edged sword
sometimes it's good sometimes it's bad
right now the cricket body shots are the
worst ones though whoo
little touchy
oh we are now on half a heart Thank You
eternal heart for giving us a chance
and thank you us for looking for that
it's our life don't let them spot any
more Angel fetuses dude no okay I almost
walked right into it
wrong corner
now we might / should be okay I think
it's BS that he gets to attack that's 1
million percent because our rate of fire
sucks if our rate of fire is any better
this dude is not going to have any
chance to do the second wave of attacks
and the second wave of attacks is the
only thing that gives him like any
chance of hitting be honest with you
because this pattern is like we got this
sorted 10 out of 10 right now
okay also turned out to be very tricky
but there you go thanks for watching two
new bills of a beard we made it work you
enjoyed the episode click the like
button l set a great deal of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time